interview-questions.md, before:

# ASSESSMENT 3: Interview Practice Questions

Answer the following questions.

First, without external resources. Challenge yourself to answer from memory as if you were in a job interview.

Then, research the question to expand on your answer. Even if you feel you have answered the question completely, there is always something more to learn. Write your researched answer in your OWN WORDS.

1. What is JSX? What is one syntax difference between HTML and JSX?

Your answer:

Researched answer:

1. What is yarn? What file(s) are modified when you run the command yarn in your terminal?

Your answer:

Researched answer:

3. What is a React component?

Your answer:

Researched answer:

4. What is the difference between state values and props in React?

Your answer:

Researched answer:

5. What is the DOM?

Your answer:

Researched answer:

6. STRETCH: Which is the difference between a div tag and a span tag?

Your answer:

Researched answer:

## Looking Ahead: Terms for Next Week

1. Object-oriented programming:

2. Ruby:

3. Implicit return:

4. Ruby blocks:

5. Ruby hashes:

Commit message:

competed interview. Still problems with coding.

interview-questions.md, after:

# ASSESSMENT 3: Interview Practice Questions

Answer the following questions.

First, without external resources. Challenge yourself to answer from memory as if you were in a job interview.

Then, research the question to expand on your answer. Even if you feel you have answered the question completely, there is always something more to learn. Write your researched answer in your OWN WORDS.

1. What is JSX? What is one syntax difference between HTML and JSX?

Your answer: JSX is the mixture of HTML and Javascript. It allows for HTML to be written in Javascript. One of the differences is that JSX must have react components. Components must be imported and exported. Snytax difference is HTML does not allow for functions to be written.

Researched answer:

1. What is yarn? What file(s) are modified when you run the command yarn in your terminal?

Your answer: Yarn is a package manager that manages all dependency files of a Jest.

Researched answer: Weh you yarn add jest that will create a new directory called node_modules, package.json and yarn.lock. all three of these files and directories have dependencies and are managed by the yarn. which means, it will automate finding downloading installing, configuring, upgrading and removing packages.

3. What is a React component?

Your answer:Reusable snippets of code that are independent.

Researched answer: When wanting to reuse certain code, it is stored as a function. That function is called when it is time to use that code.

4. What is the difference between state values and props in React?

Your answer: State value is the actual data that is stored (variable) and a prop is what passes the information from the state value to its parent destination.

Researched answer: State is a variable that stored data that determines how the component renders and behaves. As props, pass information from one component to another. Passed from parent to child in the pipelline. So, I can make a use a useState to pass information from my components.js file to my app.js file with ease.

5. What is the DOM?

Your answer:DOM is the Document Object Model and is the actual webpage users see inthe browser.

Researched answer: The Document Object Model is the visual representation of code. So, whenever a webpage is rendered, the user is looking at the DOM. The way I understand it is it is a complete packaged website that is live and usable.

6. STRETCH: Which is the difference between a div tag and a span tag?

Your answer: Difference between a div and span tag is the div is a block item that groups areas of a webpage that are related on the page. Also, it will take up all the space of a block. As where a span, if I recall correctly, is something that is used for inline organization.

Researched answer: Div is block level and span is inline. so if I were to do a div and I would like to add style to that div, I would breate a new style element on my css page and import that into my app.js, and that will only effect my div on App.js. If i wanted to style inline with my div I can add a span to the div and go in and execute my css right inline with my code, without having to import any style for it because it was already done "inline".

## Looking Ahead: Terms for Next Week

1. Object-oriented programming: Everything that exists is an object.

2. Ruby: Open-source object oriented programming language that is dynamically typed. Read line by line, it is a general-purpose, interpreted language.

3. Implicit return: You do not need a "return" statement because it will always return the last thing in Ruby. If returning more than one, then "return" is needed.

4. Ruby blocks: Code functionaluty that gets passed to a method. Defined with Do and End.

5. Ruby hashes: Collection of unique keys and their variables.
